[Music]
eleven correct answers to the most
confusing children's questions sometimes
kids questions leave us wondering
whether to laugh or cry but for the
child it's important to learn the answer
they don't want to be ignored lied to or
laughed at today we've got the right
answers to the questions that usually
stumped every parent don't miss our
bonus at the end it will help you
understand your kids better no matter
how old they are question number 11
where did I come from
our advice is be honest but don't go
into too much detail here's what you can
reply to your kid when people love each
other they kiss and hug dad gives Mom
his cells they join with moms and a baby
starts growing in her belly he's tiny
and swims like a fish inside mom he gets
bigger and one day there's no room left
inside mom and he's born older children
can be told about the concepts of sperm
and egg cells question number 10 will I
marry mom when I grow up
almost all kids start asking this
question when they first start feeling
attracted to the opposite sex gently say
no here's what you should say everyone
has their role in the family your sister
can't become a dad and your dad can't
become a grandma and you can't become
your mom's husband when you grow up your
mom will already be old you will still
love her but you want to marry someone
else instead someone young and beautiful
you'll love each other and have your own
kids question number nine why are boys
and girls different down there try to
tell them about this without awkwardness
a child's interest in their genitalia is
entirely natural here's what you can say
the differences are there so that
children can be born a boy has a penis
and two testicles a girl has a vagina
and a womb a special sack for the child
they may one day give birth to the boy
and the girl grow up fall in love and
want to have children
they join like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle
after this a new child is born question
number 8 why do you argue children
subconsciously feel guilty when their
parents argue it's important for them to
understand that it's not their fault
you can say people argue because they
don't always agree with each other's
opinions
children argue and adults sometimes do
as well but we always make up because we
love each other and we both love you
question number seven why is that lady
so fat don't shush your child if they
draw attention to people in a public
place as this leads to the formation of
intolerance instead say something like
this everyone is different people can be
tall short fat and thin sometimes people
look different because they're sick you
can hurt them by pointing out their
differences it's better to ask me about
them later when we're alone to make sure
you don't upset anyone question number
six who do you love more my sister or me
siblings always compete for the love of
their parents you shouldn't use one
child as an example for their brothers
and sisters or say that you love one
more because they're more successful at
school instead say this you're different
and our love for all of you is expressed
in different ways
but we love all of you equally just as
you love mom and dad the same amount
you're both very dear to me question
number five will the doctor hurt me
explain to your child that the treatment
is necessary don't ever make fun of them
for feeling frightened the doctor
doesn't want to hurt you
their job is to fight germs and
illnesses you might be a little painful
but without this you won't get better
when I was sick I also had an injection
I was scared but I coped and you can as
well question number four will I die
will you don't lie to your children
about death they can accept the truth
you can say people animals and even
flowers all died one day
it's a law of nature it means that
there's space in the world for everyone
who's born will die one day but not soon
I'll pass away when I'm very old and
you'll already be a grown-up as we are
now you'll have your own children then
they'll grow up you'll get old and then
you'll leave but before you're going to
have a wonderful life full of adventures
and discoveries question number three
why do you leave me to go to work
explain that your job is something you
have to do place emphasis on the joy of
when you come home and see each other
again I don't want to leave you but I
have to go and there's nothing I can do
about it work is important but remember
that I'll be back this evening and we'll
be so glad when we see each other again
let's do a swap you take my bracelet and
I'll take your toy and we'll feel each
other's presents even though we're apart
[Music]
question number two why are you allowed
and I'm not don't be scared to admit
that you're not ideal it's important for
your child to understand that they
shouldn't copy everything their parents
do yes I smoke and sometimes I stay up
late using the computer but I don't want
you to repeat my mistakes this is my bad
habit which I'm going to give up because
I want to be a better person
question number one what if the monster
under the bed eats me take your child's
fears seriously and work out how to turn
bad things into good ones together
respond to your child like this tell me
about the monster did you know that
monsters are very scared of magic spells
let's workout one together look this
isn't just an old TV remote do you see
that secret button when you press it the
monster disappears let's keep the remote
next to your bed
[Music]
here's that bonus common rules for
answering your child's questions one a
child doesn't need to know more than
what they asked about give them simple
answers to if you don't know the answer
to their question admit it to your child
then find out the answer together 3
never talk to them in a condescending
way with a tone of voice like a teacher
don't ever mock them treat their
inquiries seriously 4 ponder the
motivation or their question sometimes
your child's question might be an
unconscious request for help or due to a
hidden fear have you enjoyed the video
then give it a thumbs up don't forget to
subscribe and share the video with your
those who have recently become parents